because I don't have a two-door oven
I've created my own recipe for authentic
tandoori food it'll work just as well in
a normal oven or in a barbecue even
though I started cooking it smells
really nice already
I think it's cuz you're near the spices
the yogurt marinade I'm going to make is
much simpler than mr. Singh's
but will work really well in my normal
oven so if you had a teaspoon and a half
of chili powder
about 3 TSP garam masala which is that
one thundery food is really similar I
mean it's a lot of yogurt and some
spices and then you kind of customize it
to whatever you're in the mood for right
so this is just the generic if you don't
want to do anything else to it it's this
simple
that is my ginger Rafi chops I'm gonna
whiz it all together and then add it to
the yogurt I'm also adding 8 cloves of
garlic
did you just get a lemon and squeeze in
half a lemons worse I'm going to add my
ginger garlic right if you could add a
good slug of oil that comes out quite
slowly so just enough so that it doesn't
get too dry and you usually like do it
the night before so that you can keep it
in the fridge for a whole - exactly
exactly
the longer the the chicken'll marinade
the more the flavor gets into the
chicken because when you barbecue it it
you know just a little bit remains on
the outside it it so it needs to have
gone inside the flavor great up that
cheese and now for my secret ingredient
cheddar cheese it may seem like a
strange addition to Indian food but it
makes a marinade really creamy I'm also
going to use an egg to bind all the
ingredients together and help them
marinate cling to the chicken marinate
look I can't even do that properly a
little shell in that isn't that's not so
key hansi is not used to getting her
manicured hands dirty but I'm convinced
that with a little help she'll make a
good cook as she's got a real nose for
spices ah really really familiar I know
this wood it will get just closure eyes
on what do you eat what you eating cold
eating it's really fun here haha
I would eat just think what are you
eating don't even like ardham yeah
cardamom is a common ingredient in
indian cookery the seeds are removed
from the pod which are then pounded to a
fine powder
if you have like a green cotton pot
after your meal it's kind of like having
an after eight mint I really I use it
wherever I can and it will give a
delicious aromatic flavor to the
marinade I love green cotton I'm happy
to add it into anything okay that's done
so that in effect is our entire chicken
marinade if you can add your chick the
chicken into there mmm and then don't
lick your hands cause too much rule but
how does that taste now really good I
could just like use it as a dip even
though like it's very garlicky
it's very garlic yeah but then you're
you're from Iran so then you have
garlicky dip stick yeah I like that
so do you want to just put the chicken
inside throw it in fridge yeah all right
okay well this is pretty good I think I
could do this you could do that yeah and
if that would feed like a whole lot of
your friends and they'll be extremely
appreciative that's worth it but there's
all things I've water from outside I
don't would really believe me even right
we really was doing it I am going to
leave the chicken to marinate overnight
I'm also going to do lamb tikka
bruschetta and tender e mushrooms I'll
use the same basic marinade as for the
chicken but because lamb has a stronger
taste I'm adding coriander leaf and
extra garam masala that's the second
dish I was really easy
and for the tandoori mushrooms a touch
more cardamom so if we just add the
mushrooms in yeah yeah that's it
great thank you could have like I know
added peppers and some other stuff that
someone was like showing a woman gonna
need it at that exactly
so now you're thinking I could cook in
the fridge excellent thank you